Question 1
Complete definitions for key Git & GitHub terminology

GIT WORKFLOW FUNDAMENTALS
Working Directory
- Folder in the Computer with files in the Pycharm account. For example, if you were in the Trees1 folder,
you would see "C:\Windows\Trees1"

Staging Area
- Here we can prepare these files finely for a commit.  Apply any transformations to the data that are required
before the load into the repository. And from there we can commit the changes to the local repository.

Local Repo (head)
- It is a Repo on the local computer in Pycharm . It contains branches, commits, and tags .
Once we decide it's a time to share the changes, we push the changes from local repository to the remote repository

Remote repo (master)
Remote repositories are hosted on a server to share data with your teammates.
Main branch that we have in the repository.


WORKING DIRECTORY STATES:
·        Staged
When we're finished with all the modifications to our file, it moves to the staged state.
The file is now ready to be added to the local git database, you have marked it to go into your next commit snapshot.
·        Modified
When any change to the file occurs, the state of the file changes from committed to modified.
This means that the document has changed since its last committed version which is saved to our local database.
We can see this state as 'we're currently working on this file, there will still be more changes'.
·        Committed
This state indicates that the file is safely stored in the local database.

GIT COMMANDS:
·        Git add
Takes a modified file in your working directory and places the modified version in a staging area.
·        Git commit
The "commit" command is used to save your changes to the local repository.
·      Git push
The git push command is used to upload local repository content to a remote repository.
·        Git fetch
Git fetch is  used to download contents from a remote repository.
But it doesn't integrate any of this new data into your working files.
·        Git merge
The "merge" command is used to integrate changes from another branch.
·        Git pull
Git pull  is used with a different goal in mind: to update your current HEAD branch with the latest changes
from the remote server. This means that pull not only downloads new data.
it also directly integrates it into your current working copy files.



